https://codepen.io/jayson-byrd-ii/pen/NWgNGNX



    1. What is Semantic HTML? Semantic HTML defines the content that goes inside the element , etc nav for navigations bars or menus, p for paragraphs of text, or address for addresses
    2. What is HTML used for? HTML is used to give a basic layout or structure to a webpage.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? An attribute is something that gives an element additional information
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? The h1 tag is used to give a visual hierarchy to the main bit of information on a page, and it is typically used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes || img and 
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? The head contains information about a document 
    7. What is an id? an id is a unique identifier used only once
    8. What elements can I add an id to? Any
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 1
    10. What is a class? classes are a specifier that are used to select specific elements for styling in css
    11. What elements can I add a class to? Any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? ∞
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? _blank
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? Alt text is text used to refer to or describe an image if it for some reason cannot load, or i believe for accessibility purposes (screen readers etc)
    15. How do I reference an id? '#'
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? A section is a group of content or elements and divs are for anything such as a single element you wish to style
    17. What is CSS used for? CSS is used to clean and beautify HTML, or style it.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page 
    h2 {

    }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one

        Classes are not unique and can be used as many times as you wish. IDs are unique selectors used only once. Classes would be used when you want multiple elements to be styled the same way, and IDs would
        be for a unique element. IDs can also be used to navigate a page, and help elements be selected by JS



    20. How do we select classes in CSS? "."
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p.human {

    }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .sidebar li {

    }
    24. What is a pseudo selector? they select based on state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-spacing: 
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? Uppercase, lowercase, capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? 
    div {
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? body or :root* (just found out root isnt very proper usually)
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* COMMENT HERE */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm, i believe it is permanent and immediate
    34. Why should I use version control? It is an easy way to preserve backups of code and help deploy code into projects from multiple developers
    35. How often should I commit to github? Every 20 minutes or when getting a major update working
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin 'firstName-lastName'
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. fork, clone using ssh, create a branch using the format firstName-lastName, commit often, push to github, pull request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?